Introduce cross-cluster replication API docs (#34726)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ccr/apis/auto-follow/put-auto-follow-pattern.asciidoc

This API creates a new named collection of auto-follow patterns against the
remote cluster specified in the request body. Newly created indices on the
remote cluster matching any of the specified patterns will be automatically
configured as follower indices.

==== Request

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
PUT /_ccr/auto_follow/<auto_follow_pattern_name>
{
  "leader_cluster" : "<leader_cluster>",
  "leader_index_patterns" :
  [
    "<leader_index_pattern>"
  ],
  "follow_index_pattern" : "<follow_index_pattern>"
}
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE
// TEST[setup:leader_cluster]
// TEST[s/<auto_follow_pattern_name>/auto_follow_pattern_name/]
// TEST[s/<leader_cluster>/leader_cluster/]
// TEST[s/<leader_index_patterns>/leader_index*/]
// TEST[s/<follow_index_pattern>/{{leader_index}}-follower/]

//////////////////////////

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
DELETE /_ccr/auto_follow/auto_follow_pattern_name
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE
// TEST[continued]

//////////////////////////

Here, `<auto_follow_pattern_name>` is a user-chosen name for the collection of

> auto-follow patterns being created, `<leader_cluster>` is the

Reviewer: Are there rules for what this name can contain? For example, for job names, we say "This identifier can contain lowercase alphanumeric characters (a-z and 0-9), hyphens, and underscores. It must start and end with alphanumeric characters."

<<modules-remote-clusters,remote cluster>> containing the leader indices to
match against, `<leader_index_pattern>` is a simple index pattern to match
against indices in the remote cluster, and `<follow_index_pattern>` is the
pattern to use to name the resulting follower indices. The
`<follow_index_pattern>` can use the template `{{leader_index}}` to refer to the
name of the leader index being followed.

> 

Reviewer: ==== Path Parameters

`auto_follow_pattern_name` (required)::
  (string) Identifier for the auto-follow patterns.

==== Request Body

> `leader_cluster`::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`leader_cluster` (required) ::
```

>   (required string) the <<modules-remote-clusters,remote cluster>> containing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (string) the <<modules-remote-clusters,remote cluster>> containing the
```

  leader indices to match against

`leader_index_patterns`::

>   (array) an array of simple index patterns to match against indices in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (array) An array of simple index patterns to match against indices in the
```

  remote cluster specified by the `leader_cluster` field

`follow_index_pattern`::

>   (string) the name of follower index; the template `{{leader_index}}` can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (string) The name of follower index; the template `{{leader_index}}` can be
```

  used to derive the name of the follower index from the name of the leader
  index

include::../follow-request-body.asciidoc[]

==== Example

> The following is an example of using the create auto-follow pattern API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates an auto-follow pattern named `my_auto_follow_pattern`:
```
